the word in valeria
hi good night brasília on march 6 7 pm
hi here is this year elisângela our itep of pounds to the right here the penis
guimarães the president of our federal savings bank i already have an account at
beauty party box well 73 i have an account at the bank of brazil keep brazil or
it is not
you only have a vest and when you have it like this forever
the skin the globe news will also have that
little piece make one do a real circus but also
so give a press conference now say something else two days ago I bought the chain
national radio and television is a lot of people who call themselves 3 even
right but what happens and completing 48 hours there
and then I walk with people's lives until my
mother who will be 93 in two days vasco 93
it is but also have to worry about that people an unemployed person
time I can have a savings there and then
and then and now the majority of the Brazilian people do not
can you see more than a week will be missing niko
the difficulty and I have said right I’m not criticizing the governor is the
critical a few governors a few mayors who made mistakes in
dose and put the green pill I want three
going the wrong dose takes out the poison and then
to all of us busy in life without any problems until I wanted to continue to
death even in Brazil because of these viruses, but this virus is a
rain the thunderstorm weather you will hold on let's go
touch the boat I will not use green and for 90 percent jump
today I'm going to talk about a little grip, it's just difficult, right
people look but it’s almost nothing ok people see the
and who 40 years old tv we detected the chance of death is
every 500 p well then the concern he has to
first person worry about gambling risk
the intention that your father grandfather or great grandfather here at home
the government says something a lot but cannot do everything that some think
that the state government does you
the case she cuba north korea there nobody nobody die
and then the boy doesn’t exist for example today
goiás i think i was sure on the show with the voice if it had announced a
hi sample and that person who passed away there
and when I also have 633 other utilities here
3 hours ago
zé alley the problems of the past life
the plate often the problem the others but it was beautiful right two the method
also appear the violent okay right rolled up what
and then the most important thing is that it talks about
interest rate is for those who overdraft with them before we take over
the president government in paulo guedes my boss we had 14 percent of
president interest rate per month to twelve percent per month before in 2018 find
here the great-grandmother's means to reduce the first to eight per
percent can to 4.9 percent and we are now announcing at that time a
reduction to 2.9 percent ie the rate is the color of surgery to be lower 41
percent reduction compared to the rate that was already lower in the final ctg markets
2018 14 percent to
I go I can say one thing about you
and we are analyzing it to reduce it even more because the box goes all
Brazilians in particular that we have to do is recommended no one there
to the cashier and check, right, we are there to find you here, thank you, there's no way
the president who is even stronger i will see the coffin in front of looking if
transferred to the cashier but the installment than
and leave the one you enter in installments on your credit card, for example 36
months here in the strongest reduction was still at the
and we reduced it by another sixty percent, that is also to 2.9 percent
what does that mean you do seeing on the card you can put this tip
for 36 months and rental screen cost you right street seven percent increase
it will cost 2000 ours too i just go there i started now from paulo guedes
I also talked to the government here Victor Hugo de Goiás
a hug from the initial help for informal r $ 200
it was very good and also started it turns let's go too
started and paulo old decided triple that goes this value right you know that
intercede 200/600 gives help to those who lost a company we see that informing them
if you lose your activities then god is lime green joão victor hugo da
conduct the vote now on behalf of the government in bed then moving on then
for r $ 600 this emergency aid for three months for those for
informal he has a lot because the box will make most of the
payments as it is from everyone in the family of all programs just important to warn
for the population we’ll only start a little by functionalizing this when
is approved by the corner so the box is going to do
it's just but it wasn't going tomorrow has to be that
if we have a video conference with the paulina of the members of the g20
cavalcante x-king in front of the tv minister of india japan japan was practically
everyone from the g20 there and everyone can talk for two minutes if it wouldn't be too
this conversation was great and I took it up I'm here on top of the virus from video 19
or thank god what
in terms of Americans is researching this medicine here for as long as our
oh it's hydroxychloroquine we here in Brazil o
government via a visa even accompanied these issues in brazil some
hospitals some doctors, right, when the patient is in a very complicated situation
the term of commitment is made there, the patient or family member is being
applied here the drac you put then in these you want at the end I that not until the
cold pressed by the company so now look I went to get to me
borrow out there this company here you know i'm passionate talking about
the heart if I couldn't wait for the final proof I asked to
you how long more or less nobody wanted to do this in six months time the
elements in the up to the channel is not a woman and elderly
and does the test has put saw and then
and good morning
you know, right, the middle of each one correctly, um
i didn't want to stay is indicated correctly right don't have
made hotel I learned today that this here cost 60 and anger this mass does not
original do not know your gender how much water to cut on the black exchange is almost
thousand reais I'm selling you don't need two boxes here I give
I will sell by the donation situation decision and no problem ok, I started again
the voice of the military defense at fernando
material in the pharmaceutical chemical laboratory army salary of
genders he said it's awake time it's full steam our ability to
deposited is small but it works well with the little it's working there manufacturing is
say I don't have the stone dose it looks like the patient on the other's
length of the message there and by the army know the price she goes there right
the model almost no factory is too much material for most people to listen to the cd
of erosion present maiden asks for a give it a touch commanding my front here
region beyond the riverside of the amazon glue however what moves there is not stopping and
take anything to see the hospital stop stop to help me stop is better at
manaus and one of ours comes two notice is basically the material has maria ok
and I wish
the governor, we have two branches, the savings bank is one
is in the state of amazonas one in pará and we clearly discount president the
discover help certainly pedrosa has impressive the Brazilian he collaborates
is that its humble the person only great entrepreneurs you can
have contact with everyone if I need to say goodbye have collaborated to operate
collaborates also has a sister arranges pharmaceuticals here if I think so
so deceives me and also the candy also produced here so also produces the
another here that sms and the two and then
and this is the spirit the Brazilian people
it's a game that the Brazilian has to be studied, we sometimes see
always the macho community in the place is jumping the river like that along with
the help of another good thing you never take anything even for the worst he takes
get nothing ok but it also looks like Brazil has already sold your body there he
armored in this issue is a doctor santa casa health santa casa there in Juiz de Fora
the professionals that happened the episode, he, 2018 Celtic
is the guy who gives a gym was inspired what just to say some more
thing of a saga for every animal guy here I’m not the tail, but it’s hard to
kill here replied bad luck son what do you pass home suddenly we
we are always going to all the houses we increased to 5 billion reais the
financing volume and we reduced the rate to 0.800 increase and we also have
at least three months grace period three to six months new loans six
months and the current you in the next three installments but lets just put
President, we also increased in total R $ 33 billion of new
credit lines last week we had already offered 78 million and today
we are announcing a total of 111 brilliant very quickly 60 million
in working capital especially for small and micro enterprises
what are you going to start talking about this today 40 billion reais in purchase
of portfolios and only
15 million for holy houses and six billion to see the hospital ships of the
amazon region is doctor montenegro and of course it's expensive charles is snowy
also god is more of a situation three times the stretch this can see wanna key
only sometimes I already warn you at least within the views is steve already my time
there federal deputy here I miss you ok deputy and president everything is
right there in recognizing the work of two months
which is 24 hours a day 365 days a year well raining object just type 55
the economy and announces suspension of
loan collection for six months obeys now no longer lends in that
transit along with the dictatorship of the vat to see right
and the other countries straightens hair and it is almost said
and then and what was borrowed that will not have
return already paid the freight for us here this
denying it was the collar ok we lost the equivalent right we will not spend two of
treatment treatment ok you see a present from the past present from the past
there is another liked it I liked the
good morning to friends but okay the important thing is the lot of housing in the
government another one of them, right, medicine imported to the throne, kombi people
the zero tax has an important thing there talking about deputy of the nogueira suspense
mauro pereira da 190 searched yesterday he is not a deputy he wasn’t there from rio grande do
south is brought a lack of esoteric interest right there I immediately called
pedro and pedro and he also answered quickly for his note 10 then
here in Brazil there are 12,956 lottery houses 13 thousand cases
the store
what have you been doing helped me I play but I hope Paulo
Hi Jo
hi hi the phone is paid for everything so there's a
social work name others believe two 2,463 lottery house not 2500 that the
woman is closed by decree of some
in the lottery house for the love of god in the video
and the kingdom of god will pass, be careful, you will pass, we will work with the
this side and this difficult imagine if everyone was a cashier agency
to pay for it there and together name people did
is what we get right, the gathering there is present in the houses
lottery are of backbone things 220 a box and it is very important until
those in the r $ 600 that has one just said uncle the libraries are going today is very
important to help 128 everything right then we yesterday I signed the decree was
published today including as a similar essential activity but it works then
the laws of the governor decrees of some governors fall to the ground some
points that the mayor's brazil that I paid missed in the right dose and are already
normally working there the city hall what are you doing what
my god is almost zero and another in the environment where
they live is not the closed medium and then
good then it is often decree here which side seeing mauro pereira i went through
pedro moto g at the time the weight of a return from this side and we decided
this problem here ok well so right also the provisional measure that has 34
o including in the family grant plus one million plus one million 200 thousand people
a lot of criticism i will try action from the onix lorenzoni that the benefit of the citizenship of
tv for him who already had one thinks he is working for us
the city hall is and he has to go to present a
proof of this and another who interferes there sends here has to have
responsibility would be like you get councilors right
and those who have resources are common and do not do all the maids all
the company up the guy here so not down if not number of family allowance
what
and take from those who do not need it, that helps who knows will only come you do
a family scholarship is better and for those who really need it even more
right to a suggestion an idea from us that the provisional measure gives an allowance this
during this period and for those who receive a family allowance
and you're doing what can we can only do that the bed is back
state of calamity to kiss the bed of the senate bed
what came back from this state of calamity we can then spend
on top of the ceiling ok no problem goiás i'm going to talk about jobs growing
look be a matter I had in the last week united states fired
which three and million to work this my fired workers in the
last week 3 million people lost their jobs in the united states
look this problem has already started here we also have to take care of the issue of the
maintenance of buildings is okay this measure there
and let's talk about the network and then
and then you take the elderly person and put the motel motel in there, it's getting
I already worked because this story of nobody will be valid for everyone ok
arriving this black let's hit the photo already started in Brazil
the building will put what I see again no one has a cart to call
são paulo is on the next job here the mayor of the city who takes the
start this neurosis leaving everything is not working the same thing did you know that
i can if anyone has i can all the chemotherapy cells in the
hi love i'm starving guy new depression suicide well violence three
addition is a direct relationship between the percentage of unemployed people and
violence how much does body job do you can see period had not
job from brazil 7075 my replica 75 but not nearly full job in brazil
no you I had the message of more just now
our view and maria commands more than in some
Brazil has increased violence against
the origin of this
no problem is money at home where bread is lacking everyone fights no one is right
what do we have to go and worry about life like that but the
also important weight that ears well and will be ok and can do both times in the
week that now has 110 thousand already connect in the past they felt nothing
my neighbor doesn’t speak because she can’t be weird she’s gonna stay there she did 14 he
ok, well cooled you can also it was even angry I'll take a look that said
so we ask for a very clear purpose for the vast majority of things people this
doesn't reflect anything I don't know she doesn't even know she has
and talk paloma is we have is by cell phone 750 thousand people already postponed your
payment of the provision of home ownership we have more than 5 million customers
so what does it mean we created it from 60 to 90 days or the next three
months you don't need is that today we're going to go 60 for
90 any one featured 150 thousand people who have already asked for the 60 days don't need to
because it is automatically promoting something that I talked to
president with my boss is west if need be we don't travel to 120
days four months to 150 days 5 months or whatever the box is needed
will do to help the curiosity of many sectors that
are definitely the dealership is maybe not a bit
and I don't know the current price I can confirm here now at store fifty
percent fell and then
hi guys to buy us to show the car
and show the product attention on the lmp2 you’re right this action is just now
and personality is because andré mendonça our list of meeting locations
of entry into the supreme is so that we can is to lower the provisional measure of
get in the store tomorrow same space to meet with jesus micro and small
companies to serve those who work in several restaurants and
tourism that went and down there it all works out in
Brazil has signed another easy thing, it is only president for states and municipalities to
federal savings bank lent 3.5 billion reais in 15 days in the
beginning of March that translate in other cities so what is important 200
Brazilian cities will receive financing to carry out the works
more diverse and we have another 5 billion reais being studied right now
to around more than 300 cities so the box again continues
working without percent to help the white population
and look I'm going to spend we paid the thirteenth of the family allowance so much
the northeast special campaign, you know, I was going to end up with
the family allowance no we are not we had to pay this family lived
provisional measure and the camera did not return to the provisional measure and she stayed or else
we are going to get it, we can't squeeze people in need of it again within the year
right before entering the project understand urgent request just say it is
so that the family allowance of form is guaranteed is definitive if it is possible
until I include some project she'll ask the victor I didn't get it from the government
and to tighten an amendment in this sense here the 13th in the front is worth
definitive way for all the most heard people in brazil is no more personal
I here from God our region the evangelical catholic evangelical door or
catholic evangelical wife we ​​believe in god but also right is god
empowers us so much it has to have a biblical passage he chooses the
trained empowers the chosen and we believe our elders our
nurses our researchers from brazil and the world that in the past
we got here right and the campinol field gives a lot if god
want this is it will be confirmed president
took medicine to cure all those carriers the maybe current warning
invitation from our exclusive people and even the audible warning and then with the remedy
it's just that it would have been planted here in Brazil it was not a hurry no
the singer from brazil is passing on your people that the peace and tranquility that you
stay employed from the beginning i will be able to now don't kiss started for a job ok
I have said that I had already said this here we have been following it in a way
a non informal to a day without you thank you today grant thanks
and the protocol was good for research days to acquire today from the hospital there alberto a
hi it's working and won the name of a blouse date it hasn't worked
moment happens right as it says brazil has to be studied brazilian is a
person and there is brazil the logic of brazil
presents your report can be of good
and then anywhere here we go in 2018
where did the internet go
what is he now imagine what was a big head that she also looks
that guy does is not a hi how are you
and he was on the side of the multi happy christ shop that I was very good at
anywhere in the world and there you will see
and then hope faith in god work
confidence believes in the brazilian people can be sure that their concern is
mine is ours the welfare of you work is serious
since when is there any good excuse me right we know that the wind is hard ok
right but this virus then this wave has arrived will pass now you cannot reach
unemployment fashion over you and this delay to pass but at least
unemployed it's not just brazil that goes to the hole in the bailão
hi job friend in brazil maintenance cover of the various measures as said now
little by little that day the provisional measure will often have delivered
be it is guaranteed right the goal 13
help what if we managed to get back the job if god wants this
here I can no longer claim that I am not
doctor and information researcher has already worked out already worked out and we will
win this blanket he Brazil will grow with
the video was a point I'll pass the company hit us right but the third
music with seven and it was already memorizing and if I'm not mistaken in
February ours passing on the fundraiser also yes so your face
you can see in terms of what first doesn't taste the same
and where to search to remember
the question of the inmetro to the inclusive in the doctor was in sleep an exchange of packages
doing you know that the cables of the way brazil 1 million and 600 thousand car how much
it’s expensive, you’re eating 900 real oriental goals and challenges that exist
currently he was wanted right is the prime 2 years
and we ended up leaving here I was there in the metro I’m sorry I’m not going to execute you but it’s
far from it the other one or
the taxi driver the assets all brazil all of rio de janeiro 42 taxis finished this
business wanted to put a chip enchants the old gas pump in the comments
some that I should dozed off that we will you will pay for her chip
hi maria i think is close to forty percent that reduce
in January, up to 90 days, the same three months are almost here
we produce ahmed think forty percent diesel and gasoline the time comes
at the pump if black is I am responsible we are not right until the work that is
physical view and even too much follows the price of oil is normal I did not attend
did not go to work now I called there with all due respect to the white castle
castle follows what your law says down there that went from 60 to 30 to
30 have to download 5 at home
and there and there
I will do it until the difference there is not a big economy that helps Brazil
complete program the one that thirty percent of 15 7 but is not 115 of the must
understand cause then we will not interfere you may not want to go to
work we really what I'm going to charge double until it works it arrives
could price as it they decided a while ago is some deal
thinking that it is better for brazil to work to follow this police depression
shared the photo of part here now it can't until the increase will have mine in a while
little not at 40 doses
i don't know how much 10 20 this 2090 was not 600 percent blue new
help the bomb and right now you can't then are doing that part
thanks for it was in strong contraction very those 15
I don’t think so quickly cut doesn’t give a profile of coconut water always
criticize an action with the truth in the 24 hours
is that sometimes thanks to vaninha is a lady is turning 93 here
now days ago I liked to see and then
health a coronavirus doesn’t get there because
it can be fatal due to age also very skinny weak my mom is
right I want to bring a lot of time, who knows, maybe one day she will go away she doesn't know
mind and life is the cycle of lives but it doesn’t go away that way the ear
of him that he arrived from intruder here in Brazil something more an excellent
present that she to see if the presence of the box again I tell everyone
guys thank you very much until thursday if god wants to hit admitted
the receiver was worth son